Update assertions.mdx (#171)
pester/docs: docs/assertions/assertions.mdx

$actual | Should -BeOfType System.IO.FileInfo        # Test will fail; FileInfo is not a base class of DirectoryInfo
```

> **Note:** This currently only works for .NET types.  For custom types you need to use the `$MyClass.getType().Name | Should -Be "MyClassName"` form (see: https://github.com/pester/Pester/issues/1315)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This currently only works for .NET types. For custom types added using PSTypeNames you need to use `$MyClass.GetType().Name | Should -Be "MyClassName"`. See [this issue](https://github.com/pester/Pester/issues/1315) for more information.
```

> **Note:** This currently only works for .NET types. For custom type name, added using PSTypeNames, you need to use `$MyClass.GetType().Name | Should -Be "MyClassName"`. See [this issue](https://github.com/pester/Pester/issues/1315) for more information.

Reviewer 2: Could you update to use note [admonition](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions)?

Reviewer 3: > Not sure why this hasn't been merged yet, but since the styling has changed recently, would you mind a minor update? 😇

I was basically for someone to review or thumbs-up

Reviewer 2: Oh.. I considered the review from @nohwnd that he resolved himself a thumbs up.
Now we can wait though 😄

Reviewer 3: Totally missed that of course lol 💃

> **Note:** This currently only works for .NET types. For custom type name, added using PSTypeNames, you need to use `$MyClass.GetType().Name | Should -Be "MyClassName"`. See [this issue](https://github.com/pester/Pester/issues/1315) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

This currently only works for .NET types. For custom type name, added using PSTypeNames, you need to use `$MyClass.GetType().Name | Should -Be "MyClassName"`. See [this issue](https://github.com/pester/Pester/issues/1315) for more information.

:::
```
